you
hoto is a local dish of Yamanashi
prefecture this is a boiled dish which
has flat wheat noodles and vegetables
such as pumpkin in the broth seasoned
with miso
this time we use easily available boiled
noodles to make it pumpkin goes very
well with miso and the rich velvety
pumpkin soup will warm the body
ingredients are boiled who don't noodles
pumpkin pork belly shiitake mushroom
green onion miso and soup base it's also
nice to use other ingredients like fried
tofu hackberry mushrooms carrots and
whatever suits your tastes
cut pumpkin into pieces about 6 or 7
millimeters thick cut a long green onion
into pieces about 1 centimeter in length
wipe off the surface dirt with a stiff
dry paper towel cut off the hard part
and cut it into pieces about 2 to 3
millimeters thick cut a Chinese cabbage
into proper size for easy eating cut
pork belly into bite-size chunks
put the pumpkin into a pot filled with
water and cook it over a medium fire add
the other vegetables when it boils when
it comes to a boil again add the meat
separating it loosely and skim off the
scum
add soup base in the pot and boil it for
about five minutes on a low flame add
miso and let it dissolve boil it until
the outer parts around the pumpkin
become soft and then add dieudonné
noodles
set the flame to medium and bring it to
a boil it's finished when the noodles
start to gently float up
if the pumpkin is allowed to dissolve in
the soup for a longer time it will taste
richer like a Japanese potage if the
pumpkins not boiled for too long it will
taste relatively light just cook it to
your liking so it's perfect for lunch in
autumn and winter